you spend more time here
skiing or you walk on course
same basic workouts go overlooked and
50-40 kilometers on foot so I go
active much but when compared to
moving or skiing or just
brain and even just somewhere near in
this moment you understand that all this watch
Kilometers numerous were background in vain
him
These two minutes inspire exactly
part like this business 9
go to factories works someone teaches
Children are raised by something chosen
such a way of life
our job is to train and
protrude
of course I wanted to become an Olympic
the champion of childhood itself yes i like
tick made became Olympic
a champion but set himself
big goal is the olympic games 2018
years without purpose and motivation not only
sport in any direction in any
activities do not achieve the desired
result
I am glad to welcome Moto in Moscow
first very simple question at all here
how did you how did you become like this
now there is a man who
wins like in any number
activity is always a man in front of him
sets a goal and objectives
dreams of something i dreamed of myself
become an Olympic champion